hey guys so I'm finally doing my orange
look and it's a very subtle this is what
it looks like and I'm doing me so that
you know you can wear colors to school
or to work and not feel like it's too
much and I feel like is this really
really wearable and it's taking me a
long time but I think I'm going to
finish this series this week so I'm
going to try and do a video a week I
mean a day alright so let's see first
I'm using bronze by spell cosmetics now
this is going in my crease and I'm going
to be using a brush that looks like this
this is a laura mercier brush and it's
like a 224 but you can see that the top
goes more than like a taper and um for
those of you who have seen my what I
think about haters video and you like
the look that I got a lot of compliments
on the look that I was wearing that
video i was wearing color by Mac called
cosmic and that's discontinued but if
you're looking for a color that's
similar this is the color right here in
the crease to if you're looking for
climate similar to cosmic I would
recommend this color by spell it's it's
called bronze they've got two bronzes
they've got a san Tropez prawns and just
a regular bronze and I mean don't get me
wrong both of them are gorgeous but this
the regular bronze gives us some really
pretty Sheen and I think that's what
most people liked about that that look
in that color so um I know a lot of
people can still find cosmic at CCL at
the CCO kind of where they live but if
you don't have a CCL and you like them
see how pretty it's this really pretty
almost kind of like liquid metal sheen
that it has so if you're looking for a
color like cosmic by Mac then I would
recommend this is a dupe
alright so that's in my crease and now
i'm taking this is one of the loaded
colors it's called sublime and it's
orange but don't let that scare you i
mean we're going to do it dry and i'm
going to use a low cornell that is a
kind of like a mac 239 and I'll leave
links on the side because these colors I
mean they're called loaded because
there's they're so vibrant and you can
use them with mixing medium and make
them even more vibrant but if you if you
just take them and use them dry the
color is really really really buildable
my friend Tara lady Lissa did a rainbow
look with these colors and I mean it's
gorgeous I'll leave I'll leave a link to
that video and also to that her blog
because she had this really amazing
picture on her on her blog of the look
it doesn't even look real it's
ridiculous and if you're going to wear
this out and you wanted it to be a
little bit more vibrant you could use
the wet and set from spell or can um you
know fix plus a little bit on your brush
and that'll make the color more you know
um like POW color whereas this is you
know just a really pretty soft orange
that you could wear in the daytime if
you weren't comfortable wearing you know
really really strong colors all the time
okay now is my highlight color I'm going
to use solar white it comes out just a
really soft gold
I'm taking that right down here and
pushing it up
like that okay now as my eyeliner i'm
using this is a suit debit I intensify
our pencil and it's in gold reef it
looks like that I'm going to take it and
I'm just going to go a little ways in
that's best enough right there I'm going
to put it my waterline
and I'm also going to take a little bit
and drag it on my lower lashline
these are really really soft and
blendable and then they brought this
little um blender on the back so just go
ahead and blend that out and smudge the
bottom too
and then I have lost my eyelash curler I
don't know how you lose something like
that but so today I'm using vincent
longo the curl mascara just to kind of
give my lashes a little bit of a flip
this mouse guy doesn't give me you know
like super curled lashes but it's better
than you know having my eyelashes stick
out straight that's not cute I'm going
to layer a little bit of cargo Texas
lash mascara over that we've got a
little clump it's kind of hard doing my
mascara in the in the monitor and
there's my orange look I think it's
pretty wearable for every day for the
office of her school and I'm tomorrow
will be yellow and hopefully tomorrow
we'll be able to morrow will be yellow
because I definitely need to get these
finished before i leave for vacation so
i hope you guys like it i know it's very
subtle it's very easy to do and i'll
talk to you guys later bye